[docs] Explain the purpose of renderGroup prop (#34066)
mui/material-ui: docs/data/material/components/autocomplete/autocomplete.md

{{"demo": "Grouped.js"}}

To control how the groups are rendered, provide a custom `renderGroup` prop.

> It is a function that accept an object with two fields.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is a function that accepts an object with two fields:
```

> `group` is a string representing a group name. `children` is a collection of list items that belong to the group.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `group`—a string representing a group name
- `children`—a collection of list items that belong to the group
```

> Use this prop to define a custom markup and override the styles of the default groups.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following demo shows how to use this prop to define custom markup and override the styles of the default groups:
```
